h1. SFTP module for rah_backup

"Packagist":https://packagist.org/packages/rah/rah_backup_sftp | "Twitter":http://twitter.com/gocom | "Donate":http://rahforum.biz/donate/rah_backup_sftp

Transfers backups created with "rah_backup":https://github.com/gocom/rah_backup to a offsite location via SSH File Transfer Protocol. This module uses "phpseclib":https://github.com/phpseclib/phpseclib for its wonderful pure-PHP SFTP implementation.

h2. Install

Using "Composer":http://getcomposer.org:

bc. $ composer require rah/rah_backup_sftp:*

h2. Preferences

The plugin adds set of configurable preferences to Textpattern's Preferences panel.

h3. Hostname

The remote SFTP server hostname. This can either be a domain name or an IP address. For example:

bc. example.tld

h3. Port

The remote SFTP server port number. The default SSH port is 22. For example:

bc. 25522

h3. Remote backup directory path

Path to the directory used to store the backups on the remote server. If left empty, it uses the user's default SFTP root directory that normally defaults to the user's home directory. For example:

bc. /backups/uploads

The used directory needs to be writable by the user.

h3. Username

Username used to login to the remote server. For example:

bc. john

h3. Password

The user's login password, or passphrase for the RSA private key if key authentication is used:

bc. mypassword

h3. Path to RSA private key

If set, RSA public key is used for logging in instead of plaintext password. This option takes a path to your RSA private key file. The path is relative to Textpattern installation location (e.g. @textpattern/@).

bc. ../../id_rsa

The above would use a @id_rsa@ file placed to the directory located one level above your main @index.php@ file.

h2. Changelog

h3. Version 0.1.0 - upcoming

* Initial release.
